# ultra-spine-simulations

Copyright 2015 Berkeley Emergent Space Technologies Lab.

*THIS IS AN EXPERIMENTAL BRANCH FOR INCOMPLETE WORK, PLEASE DO NOT USE UNLESS ACTIVELY DEVELOPING.
The work in this branch on the 3D analytical model of the ULTRA Spine dynamics is unverified as of 2016-02-23.

Simulations work for the Underactuated Lightweight Tensegrity Robotic Assistive Spine. This repository includes code for the kinematics, dynamics, and control system simulations for the robot.

Please see the repository ultra-spine-hardware for code relating to the hardware implementation of controllers.

This repository consists of MATLAB software, and is organized into three project folders with multiple sub-projects.
Note that work in the master branch is reserved for published code, and there is code in other branches that is not ready for use.
This README file only describes the directory structure for the master branch.

- kinematics: simulations of the kinematics of the spine.

  	     - inv-kinematics: inverse kinematics simulations. This is the software used for the 2015 ASME IDETC paper.


- dynamics: simulations of the dynamics of the spine.

  	     - 3d-dynamics-symbolicsolver: The set of dynamics for the spine that is automatically generated by symbolically solving Lagrange's equations.


- control: simulations of controllers for the spine.

  	     - mpc: a model-predictive controller for the spine robot.


Other Branches:

2d-dynamics-analytical.
This contains work by Zeerek Ahmad on a simplified model of one ULTRA Spine vertebra.
The work is in a folder of the same name under 'dynamics.'

3d-dynamics-analytical.
This contains work by ChanWoo Yang on a full three-dimensional model of the dynamics of a single spine vertebra.
The work is in a folder of the same name under 'dynamics.'


